gh-101881: os: support blocking functions on Windows (#101882)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.rst

   See also :func:`set_blocking` and :meth:`socket.socket.setblocking`.

   .. availability:: Unix, Windows.

      The function is limited on Emscripten and WASI, see
      :ref:`wasm-availability` for more information.

>       On Windows, this function is limited to pipe files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On Windows, this function is limited to pipes.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.5

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12

>       Added support for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Added support for pipes on Windows.
```

   See also :func:`get_blocking` and :meth:`socket.socket.setblocking`.

   .. availability:: Unix, Windows.

      The function is limited on Emscripten and WASI, see
      :ref:`wasm-availability` for more information.

>       On Windows, this function is limited to pipe files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On Windows, this function is limited to pipes.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.5

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12

>       Added support for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Added support for pipes on Windows.
```
